com/dds/core/consts/Urls.java
 com.dds.core.consts.Urls
com/dds/core/MainActivity.java
 com.dds.core.MainActivity
com/dds/core/voip/SingleCallFragment.java
 com.dds.core.voip.SingleCallFragment
 com.dds.core.voip.SingleCallFragment$1
 com.dds.core.voip.SingleCallFragment$CallHandler
 com.dds.core.voip.SingleCallFragment$HeadsetPlugReceiver
com/dds/net/http/HttpRequest.java
 com.dds.net.http.HttpRequest
com/dds/core/socket/SocketManager.java
 com.dds.core.socket.SocketManager
 com.dds.core.socket.SocketManager$1
 com.dds.core.socket.SocketManager$Holder
com/dds/core/util/OSUtils.java
 com.dds.core.util.OSUtils
com/dds/core/voip/CallSingleActivity.java
 com.dds.core.voip.CallSingleActivity
com/dds/core/util/Utils.java
 com.dds.core.util.Utils
com/dds/core/socket/IUserState.java
 com.dds.core.socket.IUserState
com/dds/core/voip/SettingsCompat.java
 com.dds.core.voip.SettingsCompat
com/dds/permission/Consumer.java
 com.dds.permission.Consumer
com/dds/core/ui/room/RoomViewModel.java
 com.dds.core.ui.room.RoomViewModel
 com.dds.core.ui.room.RoomViewModel$1
com/dds/net/filetransport/upload/ItemBean.java
 com.dds.net.filetransport.upload.ItemBean
com/dds/net/urlconn/UrlConnUtils.java
 com.dds.net.urlconn.UrlConnUtils
 com.dds.net.urlconn.UrlConnUtils$1
com/dds/core/ui/user/UserListFragment.java
 com.dds.core.ui.user.UserListFragment
 com.dds.core.ui.user.UserListFragment$1
 com.dds.core.ui.user.UserListFragment$Holder
 com.dds.core.ui.user.UserListFragment$UserAdapter
com/dds/net/filetransport/upload/UploadActivity.java
 com.dds.net.filetransport.upload.UploadActivity
 com.dds.net.filetransport.upload.UploadActivity$1
 com.dds.net.filetransport.upload.UploadActivity$2
 com.dds.net.filetransport.upload.UploadActivity$ActivityViewHolder
 com.dds.net.filetransport.upload.UploadActivity$MyHandler
com/dds/core/page/Login.java
 com.dds.core.page.Login
 com.dds.core.page.Login$1
 com.dds.core.page.Login$2
 com.dds.core.page.Login$2$1
 com.dds.core.page.Login$2$1$1
 com.dds.core.page.Login$2$2
com/dds/net/filetransport/upload/GridDividerItemDecoration.java
 com.dds.net.filetransport.upload.GridDividerItemDecoration
com/dds/net/urlconn/UrlConnRequest.java
 com.dds.net.urlconn.UrlConnRequest
com/dds/core/socket/MyWebSocket.java
 com.dds.core.socket.MyWebSocket
 com.dds.core.socket.MyWebSocket$TrustManagerTest
com/dds/core/ui/room/RoomInfo.java
 com.dds.core.ui.room.RoomInfo
com/dds/core/util/ActivityStackManager.java
 com.dds.core.util.ActivityStackManager
com/dds/core/ui/setting/SettingFragment.java
 com.dds.core.ui.setting.SettingFragment
com/dds/net/filetransport/download/ImageViewPage.java
 com.dds.net.filetransport.download.ImageViewPage
 com.dds.net.filetransport.download.ImageViewPage$1
 com.dds.net.filetransport.download.ImageViewPage$ImageHandler
com/dds/core/voip/NineGridView.java
 com.dds.core.voip.NineGridView
com/dds/core/voip/FragmentVideo.java
 com.dds.core.voip.FragmentVideo
com/dds/net/filetransport/upload/LoadImageAdapter.java
 com.dds.net.filetransport.upload.LoadImageAdapter
 com.dds.net.filetransport.upload.LoadImageAdapter$1
 com.dds.net.filetransport.upload.LoadImageAdapter$2
 com.dds.net.filetransport.upload.LoadImageAdapter$ButtonViewHolder
 com.dds.net.filetransport.upload.LoadImageAdapter$ImageViewHolder
 com.dds.net.filetransport.upload.LoadImageAdapter$OnImageItemClickListener
com/dds/core/util/CrashHandler.java
 com.dds.core.util.CrashHandler
com/dds/core/ui/user/UserBean.java
 com.dds.core.ui.user.UserBean
com/dds/core/page/Register.java
 com.dds.core.page.Register
 com.dds.core.page.Register$1
 com.dds.core.page.Register$2
 com.dds.core.page.Register$2$1
com/dds/core/ui/file/FileViewModel.java
 com.dds.core.ui.file.FileViewModel
 com.dds.core.ui.file.FileViewModel$1
com/dds/core/voip/FloatingVoipService.java
 com.dds.core.voip.FloatingVoipService
 com.dds.core.voip.FloatingVoipService$1
 com.dds.core.voip.FloatingVoipService$2
 com.dds.core.voip.FloatingVoipService$HeadsetPlugReceiver
com/dds/App.java
 com.dds.App
com/dds/core/voip/FragmentMeeting.java
 com.dds.core.voip.FragmentMeeting
com/dds/core/voip/VoipReceiver.java
 com.dds.core.voip.VoipReceiver
com/dds/core/socket/IEvent.java
 com.dds.core.socket.IEvent
com/dds/core/voip/CallMultiActivity.java
 com.dds.core.voip.CallMultiActivity
com/dds/net/http/ICallback.java
 com.dds.net.http.ICallback
com/dds/core/ui/file/FileFragment.java
 com.dds.core.ui.file.FileFragment
 com.dds.core.ui.file.FileFragment$1
 com.dds.core.ui.file.FileFragment$FileAdapter
 com.dds.core.ui.file.FileFragment$FileAdapter$1
 com.dds.core.ui.file.FileFragment$Holder
com/dds/core/consts/showMsg.java
 com.dds.core.consts.showMsg
com/dds/core/voip/CallForegroundNotification.java
 com.dds.core.voip.CallForegroundNotification
com/dds/net/filetransport/upload/FileUtils.java
 com.dds.net.filetransport.upload.FileUtils
com/dds/core/voip/AsyncPlayer.java
 com.dds.core.voip.AsyncPlayer
 com.dds.core.voip.AsyncPlayer$1
 com.dds.core.voip.AsyncPlayer$Command
 com.dds.core.voip.AsyncPlayer$Thread
com/dds/core/base/BaseActivity.java
 com.dds.core.base.BaseActivity
com/dds/net/filetransport/upload/ImageFileBean.java
 com.dds.net.filetransport.upload.ImageFileBean
com/dds/net/filetransport/download/Filedownload.java
 com.dds.net.filetransport.download.Filedownload
com/dds/net/http/HttpRequestPresenter.java
 com.dds.net.http.HttpRequestPresenter
com/dds/core/voip/RomUtil.java
 com.dds.core.voip.RomUtil
com/dds/core/util/StringUtil.java
 com.dds.core.util.StringUtil
com/dds/core/voip/FragmentAudio.java
 com.dds.core.voip.FragmentAudio
com/dds/webrtc/BuildConfig.java
 com.dds.webrtc.BuildConfig
com/dds/core/ui/user/UserListViewModel.java
 com.dds.core.ui.user.UserListViewModel
 com.dds.core.ui.user.UserListViewModel$1
com/dds/core/ui/event/MsgEvent.java
 com.dds.core.ui.event.MsgEvent
com/dds/core/ui/room/RoomFragment.java
 com.dds.core.ui.room.RoomFragment
 com.dds.core.ui.room.RoomFragment$1
 com.dds.core.ui.room.RoomFragment$1$1
 com.dds.core.ui.room.RoomFragment$Holder
 com.dds.core.ui.room.RoomFragment$RoomAdapter
com/dds/core/voip/Utils.java
 com.dds.core.voip.Utils
com/dds/core/page/WelcomePage.java
 com.dds.core.page.WelcomePage
com/dds/permission/Permissions.java
 com.dds.permission.Permissions
 com.dds.permission.Permissions$PermissionRequestFragment
com/dds/core/ui/file/FileInfo.java
 com.dds.core.ui.file.FileInfo
com/dds/core/ui/setting/SettingViewModel.java
 com.dds.core.ui.setting.SettingViewModel
com/dds/core/voip/VoipEvent.java
 com.dds.core.voip.VoipEvent
